Rescue station one.
This is sheriff clemmons.
All available fire and
rescue to Patricia's cocktails.
I don't know what the fuck is going on!
Every time.
Patricia.
You said I should stop by?
Of course. Yeah. of course. come on in.
Should I open this bottle?
Yeah. We're all drinking white.
but if you want to. feel free.
- Cool.
- Just in the kitchen.
He snores when he's laying on his
back. He snores when he's on his side.
I swear to god. if he
doesn't stop snoring. I'm just…
I'm gonna smother him with a pillow.
My dad snored so loud my mom
made him sleep on the couch.
and you could still hear him…
- My ex was the worst snorer.
- …all the way up...
and I'm telling you. it was the worst.
Not just the smell. and
it smelled pretty bad…
Please don't open that.
Here. Here it is.
- I think it's clean.
- Thank you.
I don't think we've met.
I just moved here a few months
ago from Portsmouth. I'm Shelby.
- Patricia.
- Hi.
Lenore's the only person I know here.
hence the reason I'm already
on my third glass of wine.
What about you? Who do you know?
I graduated with most of them.
but I'm usually pretty busy.
so I don't often make it to these things.
Can I ask you about it?
What?
The girls that died here.
You… you must have all
gone to school together.
Did I know them?
Yeah.
I was almost one of them.
No.
Yeah.
And what happened? I'm sor…
I shouldn't be asking you that. I
mean. it must be so hard to talk about.
It started with the calls…
Weird breathing and hang-ups.
and then one night I was alone.
My god. Did he come to your house?
The boogeyman?
Holy shit.
I heard someone
downstairs and I just knew...
- your gut instinct.
- Yeah. Exa… that's right.
And I just thought. is
this when I... excuse me.
- I'm sorry.
- No. It's fine.
No. I… it looks like she really got ya.
- Yeah.
- Shoot.
All right. well…
I'm gonna run to the
bathroom real quick. but then
- I have questions for you.
- Yeah. okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
We've all heard it a few times. I
mean. how many times can you lie?
You know. they even
checked the phone records
- and they proved she never got the calls.
- That's right.
Twenty-five years she's
been telling that story.
She'll tell anyone who will
listen. It's honestly so pathetic.
- Crazy.
- She's. like. on another level.
- I know.
- She is certifiable.
- You're so right. kris.
- She's nuts. Yes.
It was the first thing she
did when she got here.
Do you think you could
grab a picture of us?
Yeah. Sure.
- Great.
- All right.
Come on. ladies. Everybody get together.
Yeah. Back there. Come on.
Get my best side.
- All my friends together.
- Yes.
Say wine and cheese.
There we go.
- Well…
- you see. we only have. like. two.
- I know.
- That's a good one.
- Later on.
- Later.
"What don't you love about yourself?"
I care too much what other people think.
"Feeling like you could die
tomorrow and no one would notice?"
Well. that could be.
"But the right party can change that."
"The perfect hostess exudes confidence.
effortless and elegant."
"Elegant."
"Suddenly. everyone knows you as
someone who throws great parties."
All it takes is one to
change people's minds.
"All it takes is one great
party to change your life."
Rosemary. here are the supplies.
And Dale. you're gonna need a
turntable 'cause you're gonna dj.
I've never done that before.
You're gonna have them all dancing.
There won't be a single
moment of silence.
Each song will blend
seamlessly to the next.
Everyone's gonna talk about that
night they danced at sunset cocktails
and that is all gonna be down to you.
Okay. maybe you should hire someone.
You'll be fine.
Okay. so we're gonna put
the floral arrangements up here.
I want that to be the
first thing people see.
and we're gonna need to move some
tables out of here for the dance floor.
or do you think that'll
make it look too big?
I don't know.
Okay. Well. what's next?
I got catering. which I'm
thinking about kind of…
- Totally my fault.
- Yeah. I'm starving.
All right. Me too.
We were thinking about…
well. let's get some oysters.
- This is cute.
- Thank you.
And I know you like shrimp cocktails.
- so we could get a bit of everything.
- Yeah. shrimp is good.
I don't know. we could
all get soup if we want.
I'll probably get a burger.
Hello.
So I'm not sure if you heard.
but I'm throwing a party
here tomorrow night.
Do you mean the municipal event?
Yeah. kris. the city's sponsoring
it. but I'm the chair and it's my party.
so you're more than welcome to come.
But I'd rsvp 'cause space is pretty limited
and we're expecting a lot of people.
Everybody's going to bill Rooney's
birthday at the elks lodge tomorrow.
Bill's having a party?
Well. that's actually a relief
'cause. what with all the tourists.
I was worried that we'd have
to turn people away at the doors.
I think you'll be okay.
Enjoy your lunch.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
No one is going to that.
Seriously.
I mean. there were probably
800 songs on that list.
It's like she wrote down every
song she's ever heard in her life.
And then she...
Where are we with
rsvps for sunset cocktails?
Zero people.
Why'd you even hand me
this? Just say no one's rsvp'd.
I didn't want to.
The elks lodge isn't permitted to have
more than 30 nonmembers at a time.
Call Glen. Tell him bill Rooney's
big birthday tonight is canceled.
unless he wants me to
unleash hell on their little club
when their liquor
license is up for renewal.
Okay. loftis. Let's waste my time.
Mayor called to see if
you found that old lady yet.
Driscoll. do you think I'm
here for my own entertainment?
I mean. it's not like I'm
back here watching footloose.
Copy that.
What the hell?
Listen. I'm…
I'm a little worried you're
putting too much into this thing.
I didn't even understand
half the stuff on that supply list.
And might I suggest
a different headpiece?
Rosemary. I don't need
your negativity right now.
Just be supportive.
I can't do anything right today.
Check. check. one. two.
Check. check. check. check one. two.
Check. check. check one. two.
Check. check...
it started 15 minutes ago. Why
are you still saying. "check"?
It's a surprisingly complicated system.
- This is death. Dale.
- Okay. I'm gonna try something...
hi there! Are you two
visiting from out of town?
- Yeah.
- Great! We're just getting started.
Okay. cool.
- We'll circle back.
- No! Come. have a drink.
Okay. So this is the dance floor.
if you wanna get your boogie on.
Or not. you know.
Have you met Dr. Calvin Morgan?
I'm sure he'll have a great medical story.
I'm off the clock tonight. Patricia.
I've got a good one for you.
It started in the foot.
My god. Damn it!
What? What?
They're sitting right at the entrance
and I was trying to dress the room.
you know what I'm saying?
I got it.
- All right. fuggos. let's go.
- No. no. no. no.
You're out of deviled eggs.
Okay. I'll get those… get the…
To who?
Well. Tom. I don't know where you are.
but I am at the event…
That you said you would be at!
- Where are the good-looking people?
- I don't know.
Did you see where the
good-looking people went?
Has anyone seen the
good-looking people?
I see them. They're
at the top of the stairs.
My god.
- They are good-looking.
- Yes. Gorgeous.
Yeah.
Okay. come on!
Party! All right.
Affected by male-pattern baldness?
Come see how we do
it... why is there an ad?
I don't have premium.
- Good night. Patricia.
- What? No. it's just… it's too early.
Let's get these bachelorettes shots!
Crab cake? Crab cake?
Crab cake?
This is delicious.
Is it your recipe?
If I said yes. would you believe me?
You shouldn't.
I'm gonna get some more crab cakes.
Seriously. what the fuck is on her head?
Why are you always so nasty to me?
Here we go.
Look who gets to play victim again.
You know what. kris. I don't
even care if you believe me.
He came to my house. and
I hid under the bed. and he...
you hid under the bed?
My god. I… I didn't know that.
Guys. she hid under her bed.
How clever.
I can't believe none of the
other girls thought to hide.
Wait. they did.
Samantha was stabbed
and then she hid in the dryer.
Of course. he turned it on
and. well. she baked to death.
And jen… Jen hid under her covered pool.
but he was already waiting there for her.
But you… you hid under a bed.
That must be his kryptonite.
He can't look under beds.
I don't know why he didn't
find me. but he was there and I...
just let it go!
Let it go.
My friends died.
And you are just so.
so starved for attention
that you had to make that about you.
I'm sorry. I thought
this was the bathroom.
Punch is served!
Come on. let's dance.
Sorry.
This one in hingham has a den.
I could use it as a craft room.
How about a craft beer room? I've
been thinking about brewing my own.
Funny way of asking for a divorce.
Isn't your shift over?
Well. loftis is convinced that
there's some crazy old lady on the loose.
Yeah. and she's waiting
for you to come home.
I'm on my way.
Can you pick up some
mint chocolate chip?
Already on it.
Got a noise complaint at the salty whale.
I don't care.
It's Patricia's event.
Should I shut it down?
No. No. I'll go myself.
Sorry.
I'm a little nervous.
You've got this. baby.
It means so much that
you're all here tonight.
It's such a wonderful night for our town.
I'm kind of at a loss for words honestly.
"As I look around this room
at friends old and new…."
I feel grateful.
For there is always time to
change the course of history.
"And tonight. tomorrow starts today."
To new beginnings!
Cheers.
Cheers!
Let's go down to the cove for the bonfire.
Let's go. Patricia.
Yeah. Patricia!
Yeah. I'll just get some more punch.
- Yeah. Let's go!
- Come on.
What's your problem?
I didn't understand
one word of that speech.
I know that you asked me to be
supportive. but I have my qualms.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Bechir! Finally off duty?
No. No. I…
I had a noise complaint.
Sorry. I guess people are having fun.
Patricia.
What…
What the fuck are you doing?
My god.
We tried to tell her.
You had your qualms?
- Why didn't you say anything?
- You told me to be supportive!
What have I… what have I done?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No.
My god.
No. No.
You guys! What are you doing?
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Get back!
Get back! Whoa. whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Whoa! Why is no one listening?
I told you it's for…
What the hell is going on?
Just…
Get them out! Save them!
Come on. Everybody. stay here!
Stay here! Hey! Excuse
me. hey! Get outta here!
Shit. Come here.
Hey! You!
Hey. come here!
Out of the water! Out of the water!
Everybody. get outta here! Go!
Rescue station one.
this is sheriff clemmons.
All available fire and
rescue to Patricia's cocktails.
I don't know what the fuck is going on!
Hey! No. ma'am. Back this way!
What?
No. this way. Get back here!
That'll kill 'em.
Come here! Come here.
Out of the water. Stop!
What the fuck happened?
My god.
We were drugged.
It was that goddamn punch.
It was her goddamn punch!
She drugged us!
Patricia?
You okay?
No.
Something bad happened at the party.
It went wrong.
You can file that under
"deal with it the fuck later."
Why don't…
Why don't you just get in with us?
We might need your help.
Come on.
- What was wrong with him?
- I don't know.
He just sounded scared.
Because he knows something.
Bryce!